Added firmware 2.8.0 support (#61)
fredrike/pydaikin: README.md

* BRP15B61 aka. AirBase (similar protocol as BRP069Axx)
* BRP072B/Cxx (needs https access and a key)

> * SKYFi (different protocol, have a password)
> * BRP devices with firmware version 2.8.0 (different API structure) - new in version 2.16.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BRP084 devices with firmware version 2.8.0 (different API structure)
* SKYFi (different protocol, have a password)
```

asyncio.run(testDaikin())
```

## Firmware Version 2.8.0 Support

Firmware version 2.8.0 uses a different API structure compared to earlier firmware versions. The library now automatically detects the firmware version and uses the appropriate communication method. Confirmed working with:

* FTKM20YVMA with firmware version 2.8.0
* FTXM46WVMA with firmware version 2.8.0

> * FTXV80WVMA with firmware version 2.8.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FTXV80WVMA with firmware version 2.8.0
* FTXA25C2V1BW with firmware version 2.8.0
* FTXA50C2V1BW with firmware version 2.8.0
```

According to: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/125584#issuecomment-2854839579
